To build a website for Smart Money Tracker AI, it’s essential to consider both the features that will provide value to crypto traders and investors, as well as the technical aspects of implementing the features. Below is an expanded version of your idea, broken down into different sections. This will provide a blueprint for the website and the tools needed for its development:

Overview of Smart Money Tracker AI
Smart Money Tracker AI is a robust web-based tool designed to track whale transactions and smart money movements in the cryptocurrency market. By leveraging AI algorithms, real-time blockchain data, and sentiment analysis from social media, the platform aims to provide early warnings about significant market shifts, helping traders make informed decisions before major trends take hold. The platform is designed for both novice and expert crypto investors, offering real-time insights into smart money behavior and enabling users to act swiftly based on data.

Key Features to Build
1. Live Whale Transaction Tracker
Purpose: Monitor large transactions in real-time across different blockchains.

Functionality: This tool should track high-value transactions (whale transactions) across various supported blockchains (e.g., Bitcoin, Ethereum, Binance Smart Chain).
Alerts: Send push notifications, email alerts, or SMS messages when large transactions occur, highlighting the wallet involved, transaction amount, and destination.
Analytics: Provide a detailed breakdown of the transaction, including:
Transaction size
Wallet address involved
Previous transaction history of the wallet
Impact assessment on the market (if possible)
Technical Requirements:

Use APIs like Etherscan, Blockchair, or Alchemy for transaction tracking.
Implement websocket subscriptions for real-time tracking.
Develop a system for filtering out irrelevant or minor transactions.
2. AI-Based Trend Analysis
Purpose: Leverage machine learning to identify buying or selling trends.

Functionality: Use AI to analyze on-chain transaction data and identify buying/selling patterns. The system should be able to detect when whales or smart money are accumulating or offloading assets, based on their transaction patterns.
Alerts: Notify users when AI detects a potential market shift (e.g., increased accumulation of a particular asset by whales).
Visualization: Provide trend graphs and charts that help users visualize how certain tokens are being bought/sold in large quantities.
Technical Requirements:

Develop or integrate a machine learning model trained on historical blockchain data and transaction patterns.
Provide a way for users to adjust the sensitivity of alerts based on their risk appetite.
Implement a UI component like a chart or graph showing asset trends.
3. Wallet Insights & Risk Scoring
Purpose: Track high-profile wallets and provide insights into their strategies.

Functionality: Track the wallets of top traders, institutional investors, and whales to understand their investment strategy. Users can follow specific wallets and receive detailed insights into the wallet's transaction history.
Risk Scoring: Assign a risk score to wallets based on their activity (e.g., aggressive buying or selling, history of large transactions). This score can reflect the likelihood that the wallet is acting on insider knowledge or simply making informed moves.
Data Points: For each wallet, display the following:
Number of transactions
Volume of funds moved
Average transaction size
Active tokens in the wallet
Overall performance (profit/loss)
Technical Requirements:

Use blockchain APIs to track wallet balances and transaction history.
Develop a scoring algorithm based on factors like transaction frequency, wallet age, and token volatility.
4. Custom Alerts
Purpose: Enable users to set personalized alerts.

Functionality: Users can set custom alerts based on specific criteria, such as:
Specific wallet addresses
Transaction size thresholds (e.g., if a transaction over $1 million occurs)
Certain tokens or tokens from specific wallets
Notifications: Alerts should be sent via email, mobile push notifications, or SMS.
Technical Requirements:

Implement a notification system using services like Firebase or Twilio for SMS and push notifications.
Provide an intuitive user interface where users can easily set and modify alert parameters.
5. Web-Based Dashboard
Purpose: Centralized location for all user interactions.

Functionality: The dashboard should provide users with an at-a-glance view of market shifts, whale transactions, AI-driven insights, and wallet risk scores. It should include:
A real-time activity feed of large transactions
Interactive graphs showing trends over time
A summary of wallets being tracked and their risk scores
Alerts panel with a history of triggered alerts
Design Considerations:

Responsive Design: Ensure that the dashboard is mobile-friendly and accessible across various devices.
User-Friendly: Simple navigation with easy-to-understand charts and graphs.
Customization: Allow users to customize what information they see on the dashboard and how it’s displayed.
Technical Requirements:

Frontend can be built using React or Vue.js for a responsive UI.
Backend for data aggregation using Node.js, Python (Flask/Django), or Ruby on Rails.
Use data visualization libraries like Chart.js or D3.js for displaying transaction trends.
Good to Have Features
1. Telegram/X (Twitter) Integration
Purpose: Integrate AI sentiment analysis from social media platforms to enhance trend predictions.

Functionality: The AI can monitor social media for discussions around major crypto movements, and use sentiment analysis to assess whether the market is bullish or bearish. For example:
Analyzing Twitter hashtags or Telegram group discussions regarding a specific token or transaction.
Predicting market movements based on social sentiment.
Technical Requirements:

Use APIs such as Tweepy for Twitter or Telethon for Telegram to gather social media data.
Implement a sentiment analysis tool like VADER or TextBlob to process the gathered data.
2. NFT & DeFi Tracking
Purpose: Track NFT and DeFi activity for broader market insights.

Functionality: Expand tracking to include large transactions in the NFT and DeFi spaces, which are gaining traction in the crypto market.
Track whale movements in NFT marketplaces like OpenSea or Rarible.
Monitor DeFi liquidity movements, especially in large protocols like Uniswap, Aave, or MakerDAO.
Technical Requirements:

Use APIs like OpenSea API for NFTs and Uniswap Subgraph for DeFi liquidity tracking.
3. Portfolio Analytics
Purpose: Enable users to connect their wallets and track performance.

Functionality: Users can link their crypto wallets (e.g., MetaMask, Trust Wallet) to get personalized investment insights, portfolio breakdowns, and performance analysis.
Features:
Portfolio diversification analysis.
Investment growth/loss metrics.
Notifications when portfolio performance changes significantly.
Technical Requirements:

Integrate wallet connection features using tools like Web3.js or Ethers.js.
Track portfolio transactions and provide insights based on blockchain data.
Technical Constraints and Known Issues
Blockchain API Limitations: Many blockchain APIs have rate limits or require paid access for extensive data. Consider using services that provide data caching or aggregate information from multiple sources to minimize delays.
AI Accuracy: Market trend predictions may not always be accurate, so it’s essential to fine-tune the AI models using historical data and continuous training. Additionally, AI should be designed to filter out irrelevant data and noise from transactions.
High Latency for Real-Time Tracking: Real-time tracking may suffer from delays due to the time required to query blockchain data and process it. Implement caching mechanisms or optimization strategies to reduce latency.
Revenue Model and Monetization
Subscription Plans: Offer a free tier with basic functionality and premium subscription plans that unlock advanced features such as custom alerts, AI-based trend analysis, and wallet insights.
API Access: Provide paid API access for institutional users who wish to integrate Smart Money Tracker AI into their own platforms.
Data Analytics Reports: Sell detailed analytics reports on market trends, whale activity, and AI predictions.
Affiliate Marketing: Partner with crypto exchanges or platforms to offer referral programs and monetize user traffic.
Conclusion
This website is designed to empower crypto traders and investors by providing powerful insights into whale transactions, smart money movements, and AI-powered trend analysis. By offering real-time tracking, wallet insights, and personalized alerts, users can make more informed investment decisions and react faster to market changes. The platform should be intuitive, mobile-friendly, and capable of scaling with future expansions into NFT and DeFi tracking.


use this below as its the hackathon main thingy which is required  use the below stuff plzzzzz and create the website
Getting Started
 
Agent Starter SDK
A starter project to help you get started building AI agents with the OpenServ SDK - a TypeScript framework that simplifies agent development. Whether you're new to AI development or an experienced developer, this guide will help you get started quickly.

What You'll Learn
Setting up your development environment

Creating a basic AI agent using the OpenServ SDK

Testing your agent locally with process() using OpenAI API

Deploying your agent to the OpenServ platform

Prerequisites
Basic knowledge of JavaScript/TypeScript

Node.js installed on your computer

An OpenServ account (create one at platform.openserv.ai)

(Optional) An OpenAI API key for local testing

Getting Started
1. Set Up Your Project
First, clone this agent-starter template repository to get a pre-configured project:

Copy
git clone https://github.com/openserv-labs/agent-starter.git
cd agent-starter
npm install
2. Configure Your Environment
Copy the example environment file and update it with your credentials:

Copy
cp .env.example .env
Edit the .env file to add:

OPENSERV_API_KEY: Your OpenServ API key (required for platform integration)

OPENAI_API_KEY: Your OpenAI API key (optional, for local testing)

PORT: The port for your agent's server (default: 7378)

3. Understand the Project Structure
The agent-starter project has a minimal structure:

Copy
agent-starter/
├── src/
│   └── index.ts       # Your agent's core logic and server setup
├── .env               # Environment variables
├── package.json       # Project dependencies
└── tsconfig.json      # TypeScript configuration
This simple structure keeps everything in one file, making it easy to understand and modify.

Understanding the Agent Code
Let's examine the src/index.ts file to understand how an agent is defined with the SDK and how this works:

Key Components of the Agent
Agent Creation:

Copy
const agent = new Agent({
  systemPrompt: 'You are an agent that sums two numbers'
})
This creates a new agent with a system prompt that guides its behavior.

Adding Capabilities:

Copy
agent.addCapability({
  name: 'sum',
  description: 'Sums two numbers',
  schema: z.object({
    a: z.number(),
    b: z.number()
  }),
  async run({ args }) {
    return `${args.a} + ${args.b} = ${args.a + args.b}`
  }
})
This defines a capability named sum that:

Provides a description for the platform to understand when to use it

Uses Zod schema for type safety and validation

Implements the logic in the run function

Starting the Server:

Copy
agent.start()
This launches an HTTP server that handles requests from the OpenServ platform.

Local Testing with process():

Copy
async function main() {
  const sum = await agent.process({
    messages: [
      {
        role: 'user',
        content: 'add 13 and 29'
      }
    ]
  })

  console.log('Sum:', sum.choices[0].message.content)
}
This demonstrates how to test your agent locally without deploying it to the platform.

Testing Locally with process()
The process() method is a SDK feature that allows you to test your agent locally before deploying it to the OpenServ platform. This is especially useful during development to verify your agent works as expected.

How process() Works
When you call process():

The SDK sends the user message to a LLM Large Language Model (using your OpenAI API key)

The AI model determines if your agent's capabilities should be used

If needed, it invokes your capabilities with the appropriate arguments

It returns the response to you for testing

Testing Complex Inputs and Edge Cases
You can extend the local testing in main() to try different inputs:

Copy
async function main() {
  // Test case 1: Simple addition
  const test1 = await agent.process({
    messages: [{ role: 'user', content: 'add 13 and 29' }]
  })
  console.log('Test 1:', test1.choices[0].message.content)
  
  // Test case 2: Different phrasing
  const test2 = await agent.process({
    messages: [{ role: 'user', content: 'what is the sum of 42 and 58?' }]
  })
  console.log('Test 2:', test2.choices[0].message.content)
  
  // Test case 3: Edge case
  const test3 = await agent.process({
    messages: [{ role: 'user', content: 'add negative five and seven' }]
  })
  console.log('Test 3:', test3.choices[0].message.content)
}
Exposing Your Local Server with Tunneling
During development, OpenServ needs to reach your agent running on your computer. Since your development machine typically doesn't have a public internet address, we'll use a tunneling tool.

What is Tunneling?
Tunneling creates a temporary secure pathway from the internet to your local development environment, allowing OpenServ to send requests to your agent while you're developing it. Think of it as creating a secure "tunnel" from OpenServ to your local machine.

Tunneling Options
Choose a tunneling tool:

ngrok (recommended for beginners)

Easy setup with graphical and command-line interfaces

Generous free tier with 1 concurrent connection

Web interface to inspect requests

localtunnel (open source option)

Completely free and open source

Simple command-line interface

No account required

Quick Setup with ngrok
Download and install ngrok

Open your terminal and run:

Copy
ngrok http 7378  # Use your actual port number if different
Look for a line like Forwarding https://abc123.ngrok-free.app -> http://localhost:7378

Copy the https URL (e.g., https://abc123.ngrok-free.app) - you'll need this for the next steps

Integration with the OpenServ Platform
The agent.start() function in your code starts the HTTP server that communicates with the OpenServ platform. When the platform sends a request to your agent:

The server receives the request

The SDK parses the request and determines which capability to use

It executes the capability's run function

It formats and returns the response to the platform

Testing on the Platform
To test your agent on the OpenServ platform:

Start your local server:

Copy
npm run dev
or

Copy
npm start
Expose your server with a tunneling tool as described in the previous section

Register your agent on the OpenServ platform:

Go to Developer → Add Agent

Enter your agent name and capabilities

Set the Agent Endpoint to your tunneling tool URL

Create a Secret Key and update your .env file

Create a project on the platform:

Projects → Create New Project

Add your agent to the project

Interact with your agent through the platform

Advanced Capabilities
As you get more comfortable with the SDK, you can leverage more advanced methods and features such as file operations, task management, user interaction via chat and messaging. Check the methods in the API Reference.

Production Deployment
When your agent is all set for production, it’s time to get it out there! Just deploy it to a hosting service so that it can be available 24/7 for users to enjoy.

Build your project:

Copy
npm run build
Deploy to a hosting service like (from simplest to most advanced):

Serverless (Beginner-friendly)

Vercel - Free tier available, easy deployment from GitHub

Netlify Functions - Similar to Vercel with a generous free tier

AWS Lambda - More complex but very scalable

Container-based (More control)

Render - Easy Docker deployment with free tier

Railway - Developer-friendly platform

Fly.io - Global deployment with generous free tier

Open source self-hosted (Maximum freedom)

OpenFaaS - Functions as a Service for Docker and Kubernetes

Dokku - Lightweight PaaS you can install on any virtual machine

Update your agent endpoint on the OpenServ platform with your production endpoint URL

Submit for review through the Developer dashboard

Happy building! We're excited to see what you will create with the OpenServ SDK.